Add steps for generation of registration code (#46)
suse-edge/suse-edge.github.io: docs/quickstart/slemicro-utm-aarch64.md

  download the file.

- Access to <https://scc.suse.com/> to generate a registration code
  - Select `Products` on the left sidebar, then type `SUSE Linux Enterprise Micro` in the search box and choose `aarch64` for the version of the SLE Micro you want.

>   - Go to `Employee subscriptions` and choose `Generate registration code`

Reviewer: The docs' audience is both employees or not :) I guess we can keep this as a note or something like that (or maybe just internal?)

- Uncompress the SLE Micro image

  ```
  IMAGE_VERSION=$(ls ~/Downloads/ | grep "SLE-Micro.aarch64-" | tail -n1 | cut -d'-' -f3)

>   xz -d ~/Downloads/SLE-Micro.aarch64-${IMAGE_VERSION}-Default-GM.raw.xz

Reviewer: There is no need for IMAGE_VERSION:
```suggestion
  xz -d ~/Downloads/SLE-Micro.*-Default-GM.raw.xz
```

  ```

- Move the file to a proper location and rename it to fit the VM
  hostname

  ```

>   cp ~/Downloads/SLE-Micro.aarch64-${IMAGE_VERSION}-Default-GM.raw ~/VMs/slemicro.raw

Reviewer: Same.
```suggestion
  cp ~/Downloads/SLE-Micro.*-Default-GM.raw ~/VMs/slemicro.raw
```

**NOTE:** In case the VM doesn't get network connectivity, try
https://github.com/utmapp/UTM/discussions/3530#discussioncomment-5072113

> **NOTE:** Once the VM is running, you can copy its IP Address and you SSH in order to access it `ssh root@<ip>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** Once the VM is running, you can access via SSH via its IP as `ssh root@<ip>`
```
